TODO: Basic:
    Routine creation + Display routines:

    Routine creation

      Users are able to create a routine. This includes:
      picking a repetition or timed plan, assigning it to a category, adding specific exercises,
      and entering the number of repetitions or seconds for each activity.

    Display routines:

      The groups on the homepage (cardio, strength, flexibility) are clickable and they will each
      lead the user to the routines corresponding with the category selected.

      The routines names are displayed in a list format.

      When a routine is selected it displays the exercises included within that plan, along with
      the activities and their intervals which are clearly displayed.

TODO: Standard:
    Routine execution + Progress pictures:

    Routine execution

      When the user is on the screen for a specific routine, they can tap the back of the phone
      twice to begin their workout. If an accelerometer does not exist on their device, they can
      press the start button to begin instead.

      If the exercises are timed, this triggers a timer which automatically cycles between the
      activities. When the timer runs out the workout is complete.

      If the exercises are repetition based, the user can tap back and forth between each activity.

      The workout is complete when the user reaches the last exercise in that routine.

    Progress pictures:
      The progress tab features a button leading progress photos and another which opens the camera.

      If there are no images and the photos button is clicked, it leads to the camera.

      The camera captures a picture and saves it to the grid layout within the
      progress pictures screen.



Timeline:
Feb 16 - Feb 23:
Create rough wireframes for app screens/layout on paper or Figma
Create layout and intents from one activity to another on Android Studio
Have basic setup of each screen and navigation between tabs
Be able to demonstrate the app flow between screens and buttons
Have onboarding process complete, which will store user info into SharedPreferences

Feb 24 - March 1:
Have routine creation process integrated, be able to choose click each button and have the user’s various exercise choices stored in SQLite and SharedPreferences
Be able to view created routines on the homepage/routines page
Ability to use accelerometer to begin a workout routine

March 2 - 8:
Generally be able to use repetition based routines
Option to cycle through exercises and return to homepage when the routine is complete
Option to open up camera and use within progress & goals tab

March 9 - 15:
Be able to use camera to take and store images
Display captured images on the progress photos screen
Research and explore graphs within Android Studio

March 16 - 22:
Generally be able to use the timer based routines
Timer should work according to data in SQLite database (intervals for each exercise)
Refine camera usage and photo storage within app

March 23 - 29:
Be able to take progress data from the user and display it using a graph
Integrate Biometric lock and password protected progress photos screen

March 30 - April 2:
Refine all features, bug testing, and ensure the app works without error.
All hardware, sensors, data storage, should be working
